"All, everything that I understand, I only understand because I love." — Leo Tolstoy
"All of me loves all of you." — John Legend, "All of Me"
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." — Charles Schulz
"And in the end, the love you take, is equal to the love you make." — Sir Paul McCartney, "The End" (by The Beatles)
"And remember, as it was written, to love another person is to see the face of God." — Victor Huge, Les Miserables
"And suddenly all the love songs were about you." — Unknown
"And when I loved you, I realized, I have never truly loved anyone. I realized, I never will truly love anyone the way I love you." — Unknown
"At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet." ― Plato
"Because I could watch you for a single minute and find a thousand things that I love about you." — Unknown
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." — Lao-Tzu
"Better to have lost and loved than never to have loved at all." — Ernest Hemingway
"By the way, I'm wearing the smile you gave me." — Unknown
"Darling, you are all I ever wanted love to be." — Unknown
"Don’t forget I’m just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her." — Anna (Julia Roberts) to William (Hugh Grant) in Notting Hill
"His love roared louder than her demons." — Unknown
"How strange to dream of you even when I am wide awake." — d.j.
"I am totally completely eye popping seriously groundbreaking passionately deliciously in love with you." — Unknown
"I can't promise to fix all your problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them all alone." — Unknown
"I choose you. And I'll choose you over and over and over. Without pause, without a doubt, in a heartbeat. I'll keep choosing you." — Unknown
"I fall more deeply in love with you, every single day." — Unknown
"If I could give you one thing in life, I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes, only then would you realize how special you are to me." — Unknown
"If I did anything right in my life, it was when I gave my heart to you." — Unknown
"If I know what love is, it is because of you." — Herman Hesse
"If you are lucky enough to find a weirdo, never let them go." — Unknown
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you." — A. A. Milne, Winnie the Pooh
"If you only knew how much those little moments with you mattered to me." — Unknown
"I have decided to stick to love; hate is too great a burden to bear." — Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I just wanna see you. Hold you. Hug you. Touch you. Kiss you. Cuddle with you. Love you." — Unknown
"I'll never have enough of your lips." — Unknown
"I look at you and see the rest of my life in front of my eyes." — Unknown
"I looked at him as a friend until I realized I loved him." — Unknown
"I love that you are my person and I am yours, that whatever door we come to, we will open it together." — A.R. Asher
"I love you, idiot." — Gilmore Girls
"I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you." — Ben Folds, "The Luckiest"
"I love you past the moon and miss you beyond the stars." — J.M. Storm
"I love you. You annoy me more than I ever thought possible. But I want to spend every irritating minute with you." — Unknown
"I'm much more me when I'm with you." — Unknown
"I'm not perfect. I'll annoy you, piss you off, say stupid things, then take it all back. But put that all aside and you'll never find a person who cares or loves you more than me." — Unknown
"I never want to stop making memories with you." — Pierre Jeanty
"In French, you don't say 'I miss you.' You say 'Tu me manques', which means 'you are missing from me.' I love that." — Unknown
"In order to be happy oneself it is necessary to make at least one other person happy." — Theodor Reik
"I realized I was thinking of you, and I began to wonder how long you'd been on my mind. Then it occurred to me: Since I met you, you've never left." — Unknown
"I remember the first day I ever looking into your eyes and felt my entire world flip." — Unknown
"I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more." — Angelita Lim
"I still haven't figured out how to sit across from you, and not be madly in love with everything you do." — William C. Hannan
"I swear I couldn't love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow." — Leo Christopher
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." ― Friedrich Nietzsche
"It's a very dangerous state. You are inclined to recklessness and kind of tune out the rest of your life and everything that's been important to you. It's actually not all that pleasurable. I don't know who the hell wants to get in a situation where you can't bear an hour without somebody's company." — Colin Firth
"It's not being in love that makes me happy. It is the person that I am in love with that does." — Unknown
"I want you. All of you. Your flaws. Your mistakes. Your imperfections. I want you, and only you." — Unknown
"I want you to continue being the absolute best part of my life." — Unknown
"I was, and I remain, utterly and completely and totally in love with you." — J.R. Ward
"I wish I could turn back the clock. I'd find you sooner and love you longer." — Unknown
"I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone." — J.R.R. Tolkien, Lord of The Rings
"Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused." ― Paulo Coelho
"Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop." — H. L. Mencken
"Love is so short, forgetting is so long." ― Pablo Neruda
"Love you more." — Unknown
"Make sure you marry someone who laughs at the same things you do." — J.D. Salinger
"Maybe the only vow we ever need to offer the one we love is this: I will never, not for a sliver of a second, make you feel alone." — Tyler Knott Gregson
"Mornings would be better if I woke up next to you." — Unknown
"Once I knew you I never wanted to know anyone else." — Leo Christopher
"One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love." ― Sophocles
"Pleasure of love lasts but a moment. Pain of love lasts a lifetime." — Bette Davis
"P.S. I love you." — Cecelia Ahern
"Real love doesn't meet you at your best. It meets you in your mess." — Unknown
"Saw your worst and I stayed." — Unknown
"She knew she loved him when 'home' went from being a place to being a person." — E. Leventhal
"So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you." — Pablo Coelho
"Someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard you are to handle, but still wants you." — Unknown
"Sometimes, someone comes into your life, so unexpectedly, takes your heart by surprise, and changes your life forever." — Unknown
Sponsored
"Talking to you makes my day." — Unknown
"The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart." — Helen Keller
"The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. That’s what I hope to give you forever." — Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
"The first time you touched me, I knew I was born to be yours." — Unknown
"The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves." — Victor Hugo
"The greatest thing you'll ever learn Is to love and be loved in return." — Nat King Cole, Nature Boy
"There is a madness in loving you, a lack of reason that makes it feel so flawless." — Leo Christopher
"There's no substitute for a great love who says, 'No matter what's wrong with you, you're welcome at this table.'" — Tom Hanks
"Thinking of you keeps me awake. Dreaming of you keeps me asleep. Being with you keeps me alive." — Unknown
to know anyone else.
"To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that’s everything." — T. Tolis
"We are shaped and fashioned by those we love." — Geothe
"We fight, we kiss, we hug, we text, we talk, we argue, we laugh, we smile, we love ... That's us." — Unknown
"We were together. I forget the rest." — Walt Whitman
"When I say I love you more, I don't mean I love you more than you love me. I mean I love you more than the bad days ahead of us, I love you more than any fight we will ever have. I love you more than the distance between us, I love you more than any obstacle that could try and come between us. I love you the most." — Unknown
"When love is not madness it is not love." ― Pedro Calderón de la Barca
"When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible." — Harry (Billy Crystal) in When Harry Met Sally
"Where there is love there is life." — Mahatma Gandhi
"You are my favorite notification." — Unknown
"You are what I need in my life. You are my one." — Unknown
"You can't rush something you want to last forever." — Unknown
"You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not." ― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper
"You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear." — Oscar Wilde
"You have bewitched me body and soul, and I love, I love, I love you." — Jane Austen's Pride & Prejudice
"You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness." — Julia Roberts
"You're all my heart ever talks about." — Unknown
"You're pretty much my most favorite of all time in the history of ever." — Unknown
"Your voice is my favorite sound." — Unknown
